The overall goal of the project is to simulate activites that may 
occur in a science lab using simulation or rules-based system.

Bella: (SCENE 1) The goal was to have a particle drop from one beaker to another
and then explode. Unfortunately, coordinating the elements in order from 
the particle dropping into the beaker, floating and then exploding had a
lot of issues. Thus, I stuck to two simulations: velocity/gravity and 
the spring movement.The Atom class creates the atom object and has two 
functions: fallDown() and applyForce(). In the function fallDown()
velocity and gravity were used to have the atom particle drop from the 
top beaker to the bottom and applyForce has Spring forces applied
to the atom so it could "float" in water.Also, to view the scene, the user
can press'0' and click on the screen to reset the motion during the scene only.

Ken: (SCENE 2 - Bunsen Burner) Using a particle system with classes Particle and regenParticle, I simulated the flow of air/gas molecules flowing out of bunsen burner nozzle. User can click up to three times to increase the number of particles in the simulation.

Kyle (SCENE 3 - Planets): The goals of this simulation were to: 
	> Generate a random assortment of planets that followed a rules-based system. 
	> Incorporate mouse input to manipulate gravitational fields.
	> Find the net gravitational force for each planet by using nested for loops. 
	> Enable planets to remain in screen by reducing velocity as it collides with the 	wall. 
	> Visualize the gravitation force between each planet by connecting them with 		lines of various weights. 

In general, this simulation proved to be a challenge. Separation of the x and y components of the planets (using arctangent) was a mathematical difficulty. The planets are spawned randomly with random origins, random sizes, and random velocities. 

The net gravitational force is calculated by iterating through each planet (particle) and finding the contribution in the X and Y direction from each planet. This required some math. The lines are weighted on strength of force, which is described by Mass/Distance. Additionally, the force for each planet is divided by the mass, thus giving objects a sense of inertia. 

The user can press the mouse button and there will be an additional gravitational force exerted between the mouse and each planet. This is significantly stronger than the inter-planetary gravitational forces, meant to simulate a “black hole”. 

Additionally, the user can press ‘g’ to remove inter-planetary gravity and just watch the planets fall as if they were particles on Earth. 

Last, as the planets collide with the edges of the screen, they are subjected to a 20% energy loss. 

The gravitational force and the energy loss between edge collisions are the two rules for this system. 
